link to training PDF and repo, closes #307 (#382)
gravwell/wiki: quickstart/quickstart.md

You may find the [installation checklist](checklist.md) a useful companion to this document.

> If you are interested in a complete training package checkout the [complete training PDF](https://github.com/gravwell/training/releases/download/v5.0.1/Gravwell_Training_5.0.1.pdf).  The Gravwell training PDF is the complete training manual which is paired with labs and exercises, the exercises are built from the open source [Gravwell Training](https://github.com/gravwell/training) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in a complete training package, please see the [complete training PDF](https://github.com/gravwell/training/releases/download/v5.0.1/Gravwell_Training_5.0.1.pdf).  The Gravwell training PDF is the complete training manual which is paired with labs and exercises. The exercises are built from the open source [Gravwell Training](https://github.com/gravwell/training) repository.
```
